My project has quite a few moving pieces-
the first thing I tried to implement was stylization of text to make it fit the theme of my game. I chose to use a font from google's font library, which made implementation slightly more challenging. To include the google font, I had to include a link to the typeface's webpage from Google. I then linked that information to the sytles.css page, allowing me to stylize the buttons I made in the .js file.

After stylizing the buttons, I had to give them functionality. a goal for my project was to make everything I made very easily scaleable so that I could turn the project into a complete game if I wanted to later. My first button implementation was to display the image for the second location, and this was relatively simple. All I had to do was use the information provided by the button to determine whether img1 was visible or hidden. This variable ended up being the most important part of the project as I also used it to trigger the switch in the audio playback.

Additonally, to successfully implement all of these external images and files, I had to add preloading information for them to ensure they are all easily accessible by the software.

For audio, I created two tracks in ableton that I wanted to play in the background of each environment. To implement these, I had to create an array of tracks, and use the bgMusic funciton to play the audio. This setup makes it very easy to implement even more tracks as I can just add them to the array. The mute button was much more simple than I thought, as the button is simply a modifier of whether the bgMusic is on or off. Despite the lack of technical challenge, it is one of the most important features.

The most challenging implementation was the fireflies in the forest. Following an example from P5.Js's website, I implemented particle generation of ellipses that are different sizes and move at different speeds. One of the features/issues I'm most proud of is the particles all flickering. I created a random variable and assigned that to the alpha value of the particles. An issue I encountered with this was that every particle flickers at the same time. Instead of trying to 'solve' this issue, I used it as an opportunity to build my world for the game. 

Creating the main character was quite simple, as I only had to create a mouse-tracked object with easing and an offset to make the object visible at all times. I then changed the fill to be a contrasting color from the other fireflies. Like the other fireflies, I made the fill random again but this time from a different random source to make the main character the only firefly flickering at a different rate. I also organized the order of the draw sequences so that our main character is always visible, and the fireflies are hidden when the city is present. 

My final touch was to make the main character illuminate the light on the street by creating an invisible ellipse that checks for the locaiton of the cursor, and displays the image of the light when the cursor is on top of the provided ellipse. My biggest challenge here was offsetting the ellipse to the right location as I had to guess and check- I couldn't see exactly where I changed it to.

